hi guys it's Valerie here with today's
video and all the latest news from
Hollywood Hillary Clinton goes Hollywood
first day's video
how do I become a scare I'm officially
your college Mike Wazowski James P
Sullivan like Bill Sullivan he's my dad
I expect big things from you I just need
to ace my classes graduate with honors
higher and become the greatest Garret
ever by hand what about you with all
your shedding I don't show just arrived
this is a party for scare students I am
ask a student to me for scare students
who actually you know never chance
just wait hotshot I'm gonna scare
circles around you this year brothers
smart money but let's keep a dream
journal I'm a dance major and I'm not
not exactly the scariest group in the
world I thought I could show everybody
that Mike Wazowski is something special
just reach deep down and let the stereo
Oh scary
up top the whole school is finally gonna
see what Mike Wazowski Hindu scary feet
scary feet scary feet the kitchen the
bathroom we pulled off jazz clown in the
morning what's a scary about a little
old librarian
I want a piece of that action tentacles
and serpents wings they can't wait to
start scaring with you brothers
don't go in there
I'll just be here listening to my tunes
one of the hottest political scripts in
Hollywood is a Hillary Clinton biopic
called Pradhan a script from younger Kim
about Hillary Rodham Clinton's life and
work in the early 70s
James ponsoldt who directed this year's
the spectacular now will hand the
project
Scarlett Johnson Amanda Seyfried Jessica
Chastain and Reese Witherspoon are among
actresses being considered for the role
Chastain and Witherspoon of both proven
they can play ambitious women and all
four actresses have experience in biopic
territory it will be interesting to see
who they choose we keep you updated on
this project that's all for today check
out our website a cinema news calm for
all your movie news see you next time